---
date: 2026-04-04
time: 11:57
chapter: lifestyle
chapter_name: Lifestyle
story: Travel
---

Next day, I woke up with better energy, and there was one group which went to watch Wales, which I was also planning to go earlier. However, due to my health condition, and I decided against it, considering that the timeline to reach the destination was around one and a half hours. Additionally, the boat ride would be bumpy and coming back could be another 1 1/2 hours so it was more or less a trip of minimum 5 to 6 hours. 

I simply chat at the beach side. I didn't get into the water however I was just enjoying the beautiful ocean view near our resort after having my breakfast. we went to the room for playing poker. And it was fun to meet new people with them and I started playing poker nicely. One game. I won another game I lost but the fun was prevalent.

We play till 2 o'clock in the afternoon post which the GroupM, which went for whale watching had join in and we all decided to go for our lunch arranged at the hotel. It was a good moment for me to be feeling normal again and enjoying after lunch also I slept outside on the bench in the sun, speaking with my wife and daughter, looking at them and showing them the property where I was staying and the view that I had seen. There was one more interesting incident, which happened when I went inside the beach, apparently this was a turtle beach. I saw multiple turtles, big turtles, floating around and people feeding them, the shell of the turtle was rock, solid, and very thick. It was mesmerizing to see those turtles and their baby turtles float near the beach side, having the food fed to them by humans. There were lots of nationals from different foreign countries and it was good to interact With the courteous staff in Sri Lanka.
