---
date: 2026-04-06
time: 10:30
chapter: lifestyle
chapter_name: Lifestyle
story: Travel
---

We went to Galle Fort, later in the evening after the people came from Whale watching, it was a very good walk and set up, and I loved the sunset from the fort.
It carried different history ranging from Portuguese to British and how Africans were brought to get the fort built.

It was a peaceful experience and we loved it.
There was only 10 people who went to this place as many of them were tired and wanted to chill.

Looking at the place, it was worth that, there was peace and sunset look beautiful than ever.

Post that we went for having gelato and just walked by the nearby area, which was having a beautiful vibe and had experience blocking down those small lens near the Galle fort.

He came back to the hotel in the night approximately 8:30 and we had a party in place where drinks were arranged get together set up for everyone to chill and relax and talk to each other.
We watched a fire show which was present at the time of us, in the Hotel itself.
Hotel HikKa Tranz - Hikkaduwa (A beautiful experience)

I winded Down my day by playing volleyball with the Team members, it was mesmerizing to play on a game amongst 12 of us.
Played well and enjoyed every bit to the moment while playing.

Later on, I called her today and she went to conference room for relaxation and then back to my room while they were partying, laughing and enjoying and dancing on multiple soundtracks. 

It was fun filled day.
