---
date: 2026-04-02
time: 22:45
chapter: lifestyle
chapter_name: Lifestyle
story: Travel
---

After coming to Sri Lanka today when I stepped into the bus just after leaving the airport, something happened and I started to feeling dizziness and somehow I'm not able to explain what led to this motion. Sickness increased significantly, and I puked, earlier I thought it would be a one time thing and would settle down. Somehow this didn't settle and I had puked almost 6 to 8 times with all my clothes drenched in vomit and me losing a lot of water leading to dehydration. This was a very difficult moment for me as I was trying to. Hold the driver, stating that please stop the bus, however, they assured me in the next 10 minutes it will, apparently there are some rules and regulation under which you are not allowed to stop in some of the highways. This led to me required to tolerate the pain For me. I think more than 30 to 40 minutes. Eventually, after I stepped down of the bus fell on the ground just wanted to sleep, and I went to the washroom, however, I was not the right conscious as I lost fluid a lot and sat and slept on the bathroom floor itself. Later on I had to be moved to a common area where people Tried to bring me to conscious and provided ORS for drinks, however, the energy levels that I should have went down drastically. Eventually, I was taken in an ambulance to the nearest hospital. This had been one of the most difficult experiences of my life, Dhillon and equally embarrassing, considering there were 30 people who got affected. Due to me. Narrate the incident that happened in the hospital in the subsequent post.
