---
date: 2026-04-03
time: 15:57
chapter: lifestyle
chapter_name: Lifestyle
story: Travel
---

So when I went to Sri Lanka's hospital, I didn't realize that it was a government hospital. However, to my surprise, the quality of infrastructure that was present was amazing while I was conscious to some extent it took almost a couple of drips to recover me fully and after I think couple of hours, I came to proper consciousness, and I started feeling much better after fainting due to dehydration and heat stroke. Around three I started gathering better momentum, and I started feeling better as a result of which I was shifted from the emergency ward to the general ward there, I befriended some of the people to my pleasant surprise. Everyone in the Sri Lanka government Hospital were very friendly even the nurses took good care of me along with their the general white boys were very Caring. Also, they had good fun talking to me when I spoke to them about all the Sri Lanka's cricketers so when they saw my name, they knew saurav ganguly was a cricketer and they started talking about Cricket to my pleasant surprise. I love Cricket and I loved the interaction that I had with them in the pleasant atmosphere the trip which was going down the hill started slowly coming up And I genuinely understood. The people of Sri Lanka are good people and are very friendly and have great hospitality. 
Final after some insistence and signing of documents stating that we are here for only couple of days and would require your support to discharge us. They conducted a thorough test and identified and most of the vitals were normal now and just asked me to take care of the WBC count, which was slightly inflated And asked me to undergo proper medical check up.

Post multiple request they just asked us to sign a medical advice form that it means that I am going out of the hospital without medical advice.

Finally, we took a Uber and came back.
