---
date: 2026-04-06
time: 11:12
chapter: lifestyle
chapter_name: Lifestyle
story: Travel
---

Finally, on 5th April, this was the last day for most of the people in Srilanka, I was travelling back to Bangalore the next day.
We started off with a beautiful breakfast and the spread was amazing.

I had very good food, post this, others decided to go for a pool while I got ready to roll and relaxed in the room, observing the view from the 18th floor, 45th room. 

Post checkout we had a beautiful brownie, and then we went to One Galle Face Mall, where we all decided to have lunch, it was one of the good restaurant and served authentic Srilankan cuisine. 

We were full and later on went for shopping, I purchased a few things for my daughter and wife happily, trying to bring in souvenirs for the loved ones. 

Post shopping, everyone relaxed in a place to have Tea. It was a good experience for Tea lovers to try Srilanka's Tea.
We all left to Hotel, to collect our backpack, while others were leaving for airport, I was moving to another hotel, Dutch Heritage Colombo. 

I reached there in the evening, around 6:00 pm and quickly checked in all my luggage, moving then to a bike ride through Uber Moto, and enjoyed beautiful temple visits - Gangarama Temple and Sitamaya Temple (both are close by)
It was a Buddhist meditation place, along with various historical idols of various Hindu Gods and Goddess, I simply loved the vibe there and the peace and devotion made my evening.
It was something where I was able to spend good quality time, relishing Srilanka's history along with religious beliefs and traditions

Afterwards, I left for Colombo city Centre Mall, Lotus Tower (where the City view was breathtaking) - It was good to feel the wind and relax looking at the harbour and beautiful coastline. 

I finally closed the night, after going to the Gallery Cafe - for dinner, where I had Nasi Goreng after many years and it was wonderful, the ambience was great and mesmerizing. It was a good friendly atmosphere with beautiful natural environment. Post this, around 11:30 I grabbed a bike and reached the Marine Drive to bid my last farewell, to the city until we meet next time.
Post this I reached Hotel and crashed for the day, next day - I grabbed a beautiful breakfast very close to my Hotel in Hospital street, Kafenio Colombo, and left for the airport. 

Indeed a beautiful trip to relish and cherish, very close to my heart with all the ups and downs. :-)
