---
date: 2026-03-30
time: 10:33
chapter: health
chapter_name: Health
story: Back Ache
---

In February 2026 I face challenges with respect to my back, it was detected that my back soreness was caused due to lumbrosis.
At that moment, I decided to Consult a spine specialist, and thank God I did he recommended me to go for physiotherapy, and as a result, I was able to identify that my spine was  tilted on one side as a result of my body was facing challenges, and the pressure was getting distributed on one side of the portion only which led to multiple challenges, which I have been observing like one side of the muscle being tight compared to the other and also there was one more respect, which I realized is hampering. My sitting posture was the use of wallet in the back pocket spine Consultant suggested me that you should never keep it on the back pocket as it severely impact your spine position and your core has to counter balance. The unevenness caused due to it. Right now after six session, I have been able to recover well and I am in observed that from perspective. Also, there is significant improvement in the way I am able to work out in the lower back pain which used to be continuing by the end of the night as dramatically reduced, I would not say it has been eliminated completely however, the treatment really helps These kind of small small things we might ignore in life, however, knowing about it and spending time to ensure that the health related stuff are taken care of cautiously while we are working with something which is very important. I am grateful that I have been able to learn this things at least now and I'm trying to educate people through this and specially to those whose back pain please do consult Doctor as many times we neglect our health, however, before it becomes a bigger issue. It's always better to get an expert opinion in place.
