---
date: 2026-03-31
time: 22:43
chapter: 01-childhood
chapter_name: Childhood
story: School days
---

So this memory is of my tuition classes from eighth standard to 10 standard, I used to go study in Mandani Teachers group tuition.

We were a very small batch of 15 people who used to study various subjects like mathematics English science, social studies with different teachers, namely, Mandani Ma'am who used to teach me maths, HK Sir who was a master in teaching English and social science, we used to love his class. We used to study science from Rekha teacher.

I had made multiple friends in that class, namely Souvik, who used to be my cycle racing partner, then Nishit Pawar, who was the most notorious I would say second most notorious student. The first one was Nazir. Mr. Jayesh was there in our class Prashant was there who was my buddy my school night as well in Hebron and one of my best friends. Each of them had a different character and I truly enjoy the memories spent with them.

In girls there were Aashka, Aishwarya and Piyalika who used to study with us.

The tuition classes used to happen into rooms in a basement near my house in Maninagar. It was one of the most exciting times for me, considering we used to happily go on cycle for tuition every day and we used to spend at least a couple of hours studying different subjects and coming across different types of characters and discussions. One of the most memory that I have is with respect to my childhood cycling race with Souvik where in the midway there came a rabbit and in order to save the rabbit, I applied both the bricks which lead higher application of the front brake leading to the cycle, getting overturned and me falling upside down, despite all the injuries that I suffered on my hand, I went in the classroom silently, worried that I might get scolding today from the teacher, as well as from my parents, which eventually happened when midway through my friend called out to the teacher that he is studying despite all the injuries he suffered. My teacher instantly told me to go home and ask my friend to drop me safely which he eventually did out of fear of my mother.

As I entered the home set up I was quite worried that today my mother will call both of us a lot, and my friend was also hesitant to come inside the house as Aunty would scold him. But somehow we gathered the courage and narrated the incident, and to my surprise my mother didn't scold me much, which brought enough relief for me, then the pain itself.

It was one of those most interesting memories that I have of the Group tuition that I used to go, there were many other incidents like the style of reading of HK, sir was remarkable. 
He used to read at different pieces and used to ask us read as well in the moment someone makes a mistake, the reading shift to the other person, which became like a very exciting activity amongst all of us in order to ensure that we are able to read the highest period That led to many people reading one word at a time instead of the complete statement in one go and trying to be competitive with each other. That was one of the most hilarious moments during the classes. Hsr would also be connecting various characters while teaching subjects like history, he would become like a Hitler character where he would showcase his emotions to the highest possible manner, making us laugh and understand the concept as well making a significant impression on our mind and induced the learning instinct along with the curiosity.

We used to get very competitive with each other while writing tests and we would try that we scored the highest mark, it was one of the most exciting groups. I have studied with, and I would love to recommend my daughter also to go ahead and study in such group Where studies become more fun and you build bonds with those friends.
