---
date: 2026-03-30
time: 22:07
chapter: daily-updates
chapter_name: Daily updates
story: MacBook
---

One misunderstanding saved me around ₹10000 

Yesterday I had ordered MacBook Air for 1.4 lakh rupees however went today. The delivery executive came. He showed the value of the exchange at ₹8000 while I was shown ₹13,000 on the website so initiatively I said no for the exchange and asked him to cancel the order.
After a deeper conversation with the customer executives at Flipkart, I realized that they have some scheme where they show this exchange at 8K and rest of it. They show it as part of discounts while being unaware I asked them to deliver the order to which they refused stating that because you have denied the order, you will have to place the order back.

This led to me checking the price again on the website and into my surprise the prices were lower by ₹10,000 however, I had exhausted all my limit from credit card.

As a result, then I have to borrow money from my sister who apparently uses the same Icici credit card where the offer was happy finally something good happened today.

It has been a tiring day for me, it started off with multiple meetings in loyalty, which then shifted towards an aggressive meeting on collection where companies working Capital focuses there, and as a result, we have been asked to deliver targets which are very steep. So I have to work on those projects right now in order to create something meaningful. Additionally, considering that it's month end plus financial year-end the pressure of delivering the necessary numbers is abysmal high.

Let's see how I am able to deliver and pull off things. Fingers crossed.
