---
date: 2026-03-31
time: 18:55
chapter: 01-childhood
chapter_name: Childhood
story: Aadinath Home
---

I was born in Ahmedabad in 1990, my first house was in Aadinath, Odhav. This is a location in Ahmedabad, which was at that time a remote location. I have very bleak memory of this phase of my life considering I have spent approximate 3 to 4 years of my initial childhood year.. we had a small one BHK independent house and I recall playing around the houses. The house set up was unique when we entered the gate. The first room was my grandmother's room where we used to keep a TV. We had a very small TV. It was a BPL TV I still remember how Mahabharat used to come and out of curiosity we used to watch it on every Sunday, anxiously waiting for the next chapter to unfold. It was one of the most exciting times I had felt they were very good new neighs. I had come across when I was a child. I used to play with Vikas Bhaiya and Manoj Bhaiya. They also had a baby Didi, all three of them used to take care of me quite a lot and used to play with me. Their mother was also very sweet. They were all Maharashtrian and I used to eat at their house play at their house and have good fun.
If I say, I was born in a very traditional house where my mother, father and grandmother are unique and are very strict in their demeanor. Good amount of love, care and affection from all.
I have had birthday parties that I don't remember but pics which show me playing around the house and guests invited for my birthday and we all enjoying while I am small people were holding me in their arms and smiling a lot. I have always been a fan of playing something and if I remember correctly, I was very playful and used to spend good amount of my time at this age playing around here and there and roaming around on my cycle and just observing the beautiful nature around me. I still remember there was an Asha tree, which was there in our verandah. Looking at its mammoth position, I used to wonder what it is and how can someone be so tall my father used to take me to temple every night when he used to go for a night walk that was a routine that he had built in order to spend time with me. There are a few memories around this chapter as well, where I would be spending time with my father, who apparently was very strict, but love me my mother also is very caring and used to do a lot of hard work she used to teach in a school and used to go to Bapu Nagar school. Take her minimum 45 minutes once I travel after coming from school she used to take care of us by preparing food and used to love us quite a lot. she is a gem of a person, and I love my mother quite a lot. I'll talk about her in subsequent chapters as well.
